me so it's just fermented soybeans it's
considered a medicinal food in some
parts of the world and is a daily staple
and the traditional Japanese diet miso
is available in a range of colors from
white all the way to dark red white miso
is are typically very mellow and
sometimes sweet and flavor while a red
miso is much richer and hearty ER and
tastes the longer the miso has been
fermented the darker and color it will
be so dark red miso is are considered to
be more nutrient rich than the lighter
counterparts you can use either dark
miso or light miso in this recipe the
ingredients in a traditional miso soup
are 5 cups of water or vegetable broth
half a pound of firm tofu cut into half
inch cubes one ounce of dried shiitake
mushrooms four tablespoons of light or
dark miso and a sheet of nori we're also
going to use 2 cups of broccoli one cup
of carrots that will julienne and three
to four teaspoons of ginger that will
grate nori is a sea vegetable that's
usually found in cheap form like this
it's a dense source of nutrients such as
calcium vitamin A vitamin C iron and
iodine I would encourage you to
experiment with all the different types
of sea vegetables like wakame kombu high
g key and arame miso might just be the
perfect food it contains all essential
amino acids and is a great source of
phosphorus potassium protein B vitamins
iron and calcium it's also rich in the
anti-cancer agent genestein studies show
that daily consumption of miso leads to
lower rates of cancer lower cholesterol
and lower blood pressure
we'll use a 3 quart saucepan a slotted
spoon a small bowl a fork I'll cut the
vegetables on a salad master machine or
you can use a knife and cutting board
bring the water or vegetable broth to a
boil remove it from heat and add the
shiitake mushrooms cover and let sit for
about 20 minutes
cut the carrots and grate the ginger we
recommend not peeling your carrots just
wash them well because most of the
nutrients are very close to the skin
ginger root is a great anti-inflammatory
it also aids in digestion and can
alleviate nausea tear the nori into
1-inch pieces you can fold it if that
helps
using your slotted spoon remove the
mushrooms from the broth cut off the
stems and discard them then thinly slice
the caps
I like the stem so I'm just gonna leave
them in at the tofu nori and ginger to
the veggie broth and return to a simmer
and cook for about 3 minutes add the
broccoli mushrooms and carrots to the
broth cover and simmer for another
minute just until the broccoli turns
bright green remove one cup of the broth
and add it to the small bowl gently stir
in the miso with a fork until it's
dissolved it's important that your broth
is not boiling when you add the miso
because this could destroy the delicate
cancer-fighting compounds found in the
miso stir the dissolved miso into the
soup the shiitake mushrooms in this soup
are a great source of vitamin D the
vitamin D is shown to be very protective
against prostate cancer you can have
this soup any time of day but I prefer
to have it for breakfast
you